<Scenario>
Oh gosh. It’s a busy road, and there’s no crossing point. Twitter, what should I do? I need to get to the other side. Should I follow the road to search for a crossing point, attempt to cross here or turn back?

Search
Cross
Turn back

<Search> 
20 I started walking along the road and I found a little tunnel underneath the road! I didn’t need to take a detour!

60 I walked for a while and found a crossing. Nothing gained, nothing lost, but at least I don’t need to take a big detour.

20 I followed the road for a while and eventually found a crossing point, but it meant a bit of a detour. -Distance

<Cross>
5 I dived between cars like an action movie hero or an 80’s video game frog! I got across the road quickly and without incident, and I feel great for the journey ahead! +++Speed +Motivation

10 I was about to start crossing between cars when I remembered I can fly short distances. I flew over the road and wondered why I didn’t think of this before. +Distance

10 I was about to cross the road, when a bus stopped and offered to pick me up! I handed over some duck money and, after the driver checked the exchange rate online, let me on! +Distance

10 Why did the duck cross the road? To get to the other side, obviously. I charged across the road like a duck on a mission. These cars mean nothing to me! I am INVINCIBLE!

10 I began to cross the road when a sports car zoomed past faster than the speed limit, immediately followed by police cars. The draught left by the high speed cars blew me back down the path. -Distance -Motivation

10 I crossed the first carriageway of the road without issue, but the other side was busier. I slowly made my way across, dodging cars and trucks. I eventually made it to the other side, but it slowed me down a lot. -Speed

<Turn Back>
20 I turned around to begin to head back and some kids picked me up, jumped and threw me over the road. With the wind under my wings, I glided safely to the other side of the road. Not sure if that was the kids’ intention, but success! +Motivation

80 Yeah, I should turn back, you’re right. This is too dangerous. I’ll find another way around. -Distance -Motivation